Welcome to this unit to talk virtual site
Today we deal with Falk Hotel directly on the man employment
Strong the technique on the ball believes that ball from bouncy to easy
Take pressure off the ducks to secure round ball to the post also for this
a few of the economic recovery explanation so you understand what it is
arrives
docking means assuming that
and directly on the forint to the successful equivalent to SID Zoom
Body and thus the source shops then formally to Schaub
We'll have a look at the festival hall with Ballack and one now
look at us as we whistle the game
p
the Tauber in the Main
to grab
He is wearing it
«His pioneering Volvo Aero Rapunzel typical
Frank Ebeling correspond to so-called Prof Ritter
now to the ball kullert the ball
below ours a basket hangs on lasers or and electric
It is a very very important form, but it will probably be so soon
our hands on children's ball can look forward to our body through the at & s
but there are more unhappy how does one live according to 80 cents
Let's both look at it there is far ahead
further in the typical blood demanded a boom country which never were inadequate
Monitor picture on the 7th
which does not just balance in these two countries we have 000
the words I'm here at 700 000 as on the evenings that the goalkeeper
After the ball again female breast secured but the real movement
Debald place to accept secure
and then according to models and who else
the game will recognize us and you should be the basic technique
continue according to the Torleuten
about the order and parts of the election still needed on the goalkeeper
the Lusatians colors the ball and every brand with Lilo Braun
It is difficult for children to suck and control the ball cleanly
That's why we may have to miss the technique in old age
11 UWG and g-youth should be accordingly and we should be happy if
the kids got the NBL talking about the ball and the ball was Recife
dpa - director
everything else then decides in the g-jugend where the further duties
deepen accordingly